Making Money
    Disclaimer: I am not a professional. The only way to stick with what I have found useful is to do the work yourself and internalize this. 
    Summary:
        Money is freedom. Treat it as such
        Underspend Income
        Own Something
        Do It Yourself
    Money is Freedom, Not Consumption
        “There’s only one success: to be able to live your life your way.” – Christopher Morley
        If you are dependent on the next paycheck, then you can never live your way
        Goal is to not worry about money
        Consumption has no limit
    Underspend Income
        Maximize your income. Be useful to others. Have a niche. Create luck. 
        Spend less by avoiding overconsumption and envy. It is a trap
        Track and do the numbers yourself.
        Have the basics, but understand the trade-off for more.
    Compounding
        look up "simple interest vs compounding interest". which do you want?
        maximize: time, then contribution, then rate earned
        play with the numbers yourself. figure out how to maximize values
        you can compound if intentional
    Leverage
        play games where output > input
    Own Something
        compound by reinvesting earnings to grow the business
        business earnings are leveraged. +$1 in earnings leads to $5-$10 in increased valuation (businesses are valued on a multiple)
        inflation hedge by raising prices
        make money when you sleep (leverage)
        potential for massive upside
        tax-advantaged
        Use tax-advantaged accounts (IRAs, 401Ks, matching plans)
        Index/ETFs:
            Funds that hold many companies according to a theme
            Automatic
            Low fees
            Diverisifed
            Tax efficient
            Average invetment result
    Do It Yourself
        Take out excel. Plug in some numbers to compound. Play with the numbers. You can achieve freedom.
        The only way to stick with a strategy is to get conviction yourself. Keep questioning. Keep learning. Build convcition and go. 
        Be rational, take your time, and do not follow crowd